Company Profile

We continue to set the pace and trend in the development of shopping centers in the country. Our malls are not merely places to shop. They have also become lifestyle and cultural centers that celebrate the best in Filipino architecture, artistry, and design. Through our malls around the country, we bring the good life to Filipinos, addressing not only their basic needs, but also creating vibrant community hubs. Developed using unique and memorable concepts, each Ayala mall is made to be distinct. Creativity, innovation and originality are crucial to the way we build and operate our malls

Introduction

People nowadays go to malls to shop, dine, and bond with their family especially during Sunday which is family day. Many of us also own cars for convenience of traveling from place to place. Malls have parking spaces for those who own cars and motors. People go there and look for a parking space which takes time especially when its weekends wherein many people gather there. People will have to go from floor to floor just to look for a parking space. Sometimes, consumed time is bigger in looking for a parking space than that spent inside the mall itself. It is very tiring and irritating and sometimes, if they cannot find a parking space, they will look for another mall to go to in which again, they will do the same process. This study will make looking for a parking space faster and easier for them because they can access the application at home to see if there are many parking spaces available and they can even access is while driving as long as they have an internet connection or data for browsing the internet.

Background of the Study

With the number of people owning cars increasing and parking spaces very limited, time and effort will be wasted going to a mall, facing the traffic, and then finding no parking space for your car. In this study, the proposed application will be able to show the users the available parking spaces in all Ayala Malls branches in Quezon City and they will be able to reserve a parking space for themselves.

Scopes and Limitations

The proposed study will have a downloadable phone application for the users to download and it will be able to display the real time condition of the parking space, specifically the number of available parking spaces, in Ayala Malls branches located in Quezon City and they will be able to reserve a parking space and the management will then send the location of the parking space reserved for them. The proposed study is limited to the parking space of Ayala Malls branches in Quezon City only and can only be accessed with internet connection present. The users need to create an account before they can view the parking spaces and there will be a time limit for that reserved parking before the reservation will be cancelled if they won’t arrive.

Objectives of the Study

The main objective of this study is to create a parking space viewing and reservation application for Ayala Malls branches in Quezon City. • To be able to create a properly functioning Parking Space Viewing and Reservation Application • To be able to create an application using Java • To be able to create an application that will be beneficial to others. • To be able to enhance the researchers learning in creating a Java application

Significance of the Study

The proposed study will redound to the benefit of the following: Ayala Malls Branches Parking Space Management in Quezon City – their work in checking the parking lots and sending guards to say that there is already no available parking space will be lessened. Ayala Malls Parking Space Customers in Quezon City – their time in finding a parking space will lessen and it will be easier for them to check the parking space and to decide whether to go or not. Researchers – their knowledge on creating a different system will become wider and they will learn more about Java applications.